- Previously on
"Superman and Lois"...
- Where's Elizabeth now?
- The only person
who knows that is Sam Lane.
- Sorry, General.
- Either you give me
Elizabeth now,
or I can send something
that doesn't need a gun.
- [growling]
- Tell me where Elizabeth is.
- I promised to protect her.
- Where is she?
- I gave her my word.
[bone snaps]
- If Kal is to return,
it will take many days.
And even then,
I have concerns.
[heartbeat thumping]
- You crashed?
- This was just a fluke.
- Pretty soon you're gonna be
back in the public eye.
I'm gonna miss having you
all to myself.
- Well, I'm here now.
[phone vibrates]
[thunder rumbles]
- Couldn't do it yourself,
so you had the sheriff
serve me these?
- I'll give you
a ring tomorrow, Kat.
- Just tell me what you want.
- Well, I think the divorce
papers make that pretty clear.
- Why are you being
like this, Erica?
- Oh, are you not
feeling respected,
like you don't have a say
in anything?
Well, welcome to the last
14 years of our marriage.
- Don't put this all on me.
- You were never here.
You didn't even try
and connect with me.
- We went to therapy.
- Once,
and you said
that it wasn't for you.
Everything has to be for you.
Can you not see
how lonely I am?
How desperate I am for even
a scrap of attention from you?
[soft dramatic music]
♪ ♪
- It's not that simple.
You don't know
what I went through growing up.
- But I'm your wife.
And you never let me in, ever.
You act like you're this
big, tough genius.
But really, you are still
that angry little boy
from South Metropolis
whose mother hurt him.
She has made it impossible
for you to love anyone...
Including your daughter.
[music darkens]
- That's not fair.
- No. To her, it isn't.
You know the real tragedy?
One day, Elizabeth will
come to you
and beg you for your love.
And you will push her away,
just like you did to me.
From now on, only contact me
through my lawyer.
♪ ♪
- Lex.
Lex, did you hear me?
We're getting closer
to finding Elizabeth.
- I heard you.
- The DOD figured out a way
around facial recognition.
Milton's looking
into a fix for that.
- Tell him he has
until the end of the week.
I'm headed back to Smallville.
- Tonight? For what?
- To take care of this.
[suspenseful music]
♪ ♪
[heroic music]
- I'm sure
Luthor has seen the news.
He knows you're alive, Clark.
It's only a matter of time
before he sends
that thing after you again.
- I know.
We just need to find a way
to make sure
that doesn't happen.
- What way?
The DOD can't help.
Lieutenant Jones went AWOL
after shooting my dad.
And without him,
they have zero evidence
tying Luthor
to my father's death,
not to mention yours.
- OK, OK, I know this is
gonna sound a little crazy,
but what if--
what if we just talk to him?
- Talk to Luthor?
- Yeah, face-to-face.
- And say what?
"Let's call it even"?
He killed my father.
He killed you
and so many others.
Talking to that psychopath
is a waste of time.
- I'm just saying,
he blames us for being
separated from his daughter
for 17 years, right?
- So?
- OK, look, I know
it's a Hail Mary, but--
I don't know, maybe it's like
my mom used to say.
Sometimes the only way
to reach someone
is through their heart, so...
- If you want
to talk to him, fine.
But we need to attack this
on both fronts.
So I'm gonna stay here
and go through my dad's
old DOD files.
Maybe I'll find
a second Hail Mary.
- OK, well, wish me luck.
[tense music]
♪ ♪
- Total jackpot.
[laughter]
- I mean, he's not wrong.
- Are you sure there's,
like, enough in there, or...
- I literally bought
everything they had.
- Dude,
you're not gonna make it
out of the 4th of July
with all your fingers.
- OK, you know what? Look.
- [laughs]
- We are living in weird times.
We all witnessed the world
almost end twice.
And then some monster shows up
and nearly kills Superman.
You know,
if he can barely survive,
then no one's safe.
So might as well live it up
while we still can.
- Jeez, stop being
such a doomsdayer.
- Candice is still coming, right?
- Yeah,
she should be here soon.
- She's been texting all week.
She's probably thinking you're
gonna flake on her again.
- It was one time.
[laughter]
- Dude, just be careful.
You know, she--
she might just dump you
for one of those Wichita boys.
[laughter]
- Oh, shut up.
- Come on,
let's go get the keg.
- [laughs]
- Hey, um,
sorry about Wellnitz.
- Oh, I'm not worried
about Candice.
- Oh, no,
that's not what I meant.
Um, look, I was there
the night that that thing came,
and I saw what happened.
- You mean to Superman?
- Yeah, to your dad.
- What? No.
- Denise.
- No, it's OK.
I'm not gonna say anything.
It just--it just really sucks
that you had
to go through that.
And, um, I'm just--
I'm really glad that he's OK.
- Yo, come on. Let's go.
- Anyways, I will
see you guys tonight.
♪ ♪
- After multiple sources
confirmed
seeing the Man of Steel
flying to and from
the Mall of Metropolis,
speculation about how Superman
survived after his scare--
[suspenseful music]
♪ ♪
[tense music]
- Superman.
Or is it Clark?
I guess it depends on
which costume you're wearing.
- Can we talk?
- How did Lois do it?
Bring you back from the dead.
I'm assuming it's...
some alien technology.
- That's not why I'm here.
- Then you're wasting my time.
- I came to speak to you
as a father.
Whatever you're doing
here in Smallville,
I'm asking for it to stop.
- That's not up to you.
- You're harassing my family.
- Because you destroyed mine.
- We were wrong.
And I regret that.
- I don't want your apology.
- Either way, you have it.
What happened to your daughter,
having her father taken away,
it should never happen
to anyone.
- And on that, we agree.
- But it doesn't justify
what you're doing.
Going after us won't give you
that time back with her.
Nothing will.
You have to find
another way forward.
- There is no other way.
Do you even know
what it feels like to suffer?
- Lex, some part of you
has to want this cycle of anger
to end.
- Is that what you came back
to life to tell me,
that there's something better
after all of this,
if only I can find
the goodness in my heart?
- I won't let you
hurt my family.
- Enjoy the time you have left.
It's running out.
[scoffs]
♪ ♪
[whooshing]
- Are you sure you don't want
a lawyer present, Mr. Luthor?
- I'm good.
- OK, then.
How about we start
with the chateau in Bordeaux?
- She can have it,
that and any other properties
she wants.
I want to discuss Elizabeth.
- As you know, my client
intends to move back to London.
- Elizabeth is
staying in Metropolis.
- Over my dead body.
- She's lived here
her entire life.
I am not letting you take her
to some other country.
- It's England.
- She's my daughter.
- Who I don't want to expose
to this life anymore.
All the crime accusations,
constantly being trailed
by the feds--
it is no way to live.
Best thing for her is to be as
far away from you as possible.
- I have given her everything.
- Except love.
- Don't you dare
say that to me!
- Elizabeth.
You weren't supposed to be home
for another hour.
[somber music]
♪ ♪
[door slams]
- We're not done here.
- So you think we should
say something to Mom and Dad?
- Pretty sure
they've got bigger things
going on right now.
- Yeah, but Dad's been
keeping this secret
pretty much his whole life,
and now it's kind of just
getting out there.
- It's only Denise.
- And that Chuck Arden guy.
- Look, I'm just saying,
Dad's still not totally super.
And it's not like
the "Daily Planet" knows
or anything.
Probably best
not to freak him out.
- You're probably right.
[pulsating]
Candice's bus is almost here.
[phone vibrating]
- Mom?
Yeah, she should be
pulling up any second.
Right now? Really?
OK. OK.
OK. Yes, OK.
Dude, Mom needs me.
It's an emergency.
Can you cover?
- You're leaving me?
- Dad's busy,
and you wanted time away
from the whole hero thing,
so yeah.
Just take Candice
back to the house.
I'll be home
as soon as possible.
- I don't even have my license!
- Hands at 10:00 and 2:00,
and use your turn signal.
[brakes squealing]
- Jordan.
[laughs]
- Hi, Candice.
- It's so good to see you.
I missed you.
- You too.
- I've wanted to visit,
but Jon's been so busy
the past few weeks.
- Yeah.
- Where is he?
[chuckles]
- He, uh, had to help my mom
with this big story.
- Jon's helping her
at the paper now?
- Yeah, he has that
reporter's DNA in his blood.
- Mm, he never
mentioned that before.
- Weird.
That's--that's all your stuff?
- Oh, yeah.
- OK.
- Thank you.
- Yeah.
- Wait, are you driving now?
- We'll see.
- Oh.
[bell tolls]
[whooshes]
- Is that her?
- Yes. Stay here.
- Voilà, Madame.
- Merci.
- Elizabeth Luthor.
- Lois Lane.
- I'm sorry
to surprise you like this.
- Your dad promised
no one would ever find me.
- Nobody else knows
where you are.
- Where's General Lane?
[somber music]
My father.
He found out.
- You're pregnant.
- Something I don't want him
to know about.
Now, just leave me alone.
- Please,
I have no other choice.
Your father is trying
to destroy my family.
- Then you need
to go into hiding.
- That is not an option for us.
I have two boys. They're 16.
They mean everything to me.
All I want to do
is keep them safe.
- I don't know
how you expect me to help.
- If you could
just talk to him.
You are the one person
in the world he cares about.
♪ ♪
- I haven't seen him in ages.
- He still carries around
a picture of you.
The one from Met Prep.
- He used to walk me to school
almost every day,
even the day he was--
- I was wrong about Boss Moxie.
- But you weren't wrong about
him being a criminal, were you?
- No.
- Then have him arrested
for one of his other crimes.
- It's not that simple.
- But having me talk to him is?
I'm sorry.
I can't have him in my life,
not with a child.
- You went to my father
asking for help,
and now I'm asking
the same of you.
- Ms. Lane, please.
- If there were any other way,
I wouldn't be here.
But if you don't
talk to him soon,
he is going to do something
terrible to my family.
- You went to see
Luthor's daughter?
- Well, after what you said
this morning,
I thought she might be
our best chance
to appeal to Luthor's heart.
- Well, did she agree
to speak with him?
- Not yet,
but she's considering.
Turns out she's almost
six months pregnant.
- Lex Luthor's
gonna be a grandfather.
- I know.
But, Clark,
we are running out of options.
Maybe it's time for you
to go to the Fortress.
- I'm not gonna leave
you and the boys.
- You might have to.
That thing killed you.
We can't go through that again.
I cannot go through that again.
- And what if Luthor sends it
after you instead?
- He would have
done that already.
- I can't.
I can't just hide.
- Sweetheart,
you are nowhere near ready.
That thing is unlike anything
you have ever faced before.
- Well, it is now.
But it used to be me
on that other world,
before Luthor got to it.
- Do you think
your mom can help?
[phone ringing]
Elizabeth?
- The shelter is doing
this puppy adoption thing.
And I needed to get the story
before it closed.
- I just kind of thought
it would have been
something bigger, you know?
- Look, the rest of the day,
it's you and me.
No more distractions.
- We will be right there.
- Oh, hey, Mrs. Lane.
- Hey, Candice, I know you came
all this way to see Jonathan,
but I need his help again.
- Does this have something
to do with the shelter?
- Jordan will explain.
We have to go.
[somber music]
♪ ♪
- This won't take long,
I promise.
♪ ♪
- Can you really explain that?
- I killed it over and over.
And every time,
it just came back to life.
- There's no precedent for
anything like that on Krypton.
Are you certain
this being was once you?
- I could sense him in there.
But whatever Luthor did,
it changed him.
I've never faced
anything this powerful.
- I have yet
to encounter a being
that exists without weakness,
Kal.
- You don't understand.
Whenever I killed it,
it came back stronger.
It's as if dying
made it more powerful.
How am I supposed to defeat
something like that?
- Walk me through what happened
and we shall search for a way.
Ready?
Let us see
where things went wrong.
[device beeps]
- Go.
- [growling]
- The fight started
at the farm.
It grabbed me so fast
I couldn't even react.
- Continue.
- [roaring]
- When we got to the subway,
that's when I knew
I was in trouble.
- [roars]
- You must continue, Kal.
- Play that again.
- [roaring]
- He overpowered me here.
He was stronger, faster.
- [groans]
- And when I killed it,
it just came back
more powerful.
[dramatic music]
- [roaring]
- It kept coming back
over and over, until finally--
[device whirring]
- [roaring]
- Enough!
- Kal.
- I can't beat it.
- We can walk through it again.
- It'll end the same way.
- Do not give up hope, my son.
- I have to tell Lois.
[phone rings]
- Yes?
- Milton found Elizabeth.
- Where was she?
- It's not so much
where she was,
but who she was with.
Look.
[suspenseful music]
♪ ♪
[door slams]
- Where's my daughter?
- We were just about
to head over.
- Hey, Dad.
- I guess
you got through to her.
- We'll see.
But if they can't
work things out,
how's plan B looking?
- My mom ran a simulation.
It's--it's not gonna work.
- Maybe you just need
more time.
Three weeks ago, you were dead.
- And I'm still not
fully recovered.
I mean, if I couldn't stop
that thing at my best,
how am I supposed
to beat it now?
- Well, then we better hope
Elizabeth can get through
to him.
[indistinct chatter]
- 17 years.
Feels like forever
and an instant, all at once.
How far along are you?
- Um, almost six months.
- Who's the father?
- You don't get to know that.
[somber music]
♪ ♪
- Why did you stop writing me?
- That's what
you want to ask me?
- Your letters were all I had.
- I needed to put
everything behind me
so that I could move on.
- You mean move on from me.
- Do you know how hard it was
to be your daughter?
To grow up
with the last name Luthor?
People found out who I was
and assumed the worst.
They thought I was like you.
- I didn't kill those people.
- No.
No, but you've done
other things,
killed other people.
- All lies,
lies spread by Lois Lane.
- Don't make this about her.
She's far from the only one
who believes you're a monster.
- Do you?
- I don't want to.
- I've always shown you
who I am.
Always.
If there's anyone that knows
the real me,
it's you.
♪ ♪
[knock at door]
Can we talk?
♪ ♪
You shouldn't be
in the middle of this.
- You and Mom always argue
about me.
- No, no, this is about us,
not you.
A lot went wrong
in our marriage.
- Like what?
- Well, for starters,
I wasn't ready.
- Did you want to be a dad?
- No, not at first.
But then...
I saw how much different
you were than me.
You were so much better.
You are the one good thing
I've done in my life.
Everything else
was about survival.
The reason I'm fighting
to be part of your life...
Is because
you're the best part of mine.
♪ ♪
- You're not the man
who sat with me in that closet.
You never were.
- You're wrong.
Lil, all I want is the chance
to be your dad again.
That's all I'm asking.
[upbeat rock music]
[laughter]
- So there's some sort
of puppy adoption conspiracy?
- Yeah, exactly.
- And you're investigating it
with your mom?
- Black market puppies
are big news.
- Right, and we're not supposed
to talk about the story.
- Wait,
that doesn't make sense.
Why can't you talk about it?
- Yo!
- Look who decided to show up.
- Supposed to be here
an hour ago.
- Jon was busy covering
a big story with his mom.
- I thought you were
a fireman or something.
- [laughs]
- OK, you're both lying to me.
[tense music]
- Uh, we're gonna go
check on the keg.
♪ ♪
- Candice, just--
- No, just stop it, OK?
Stop lying.
If you didn't want me
to come here,
you should have just told me.
- No, no, I want you here
more than anything.
- Then tell me
what's really going on,
or I'm leaving.
- I can't believe
you still have this.
How old was I?
- You had just turned 14.
This is how you looked
the last time I saw you.
- [chuckles]
I look a little different now.
- Sound a little different too.
- My accent changed pretty soon
after we moved to England.
I guess
I just wanted to fit in.
- It suits you.
I heard you went
to medical school.
- Graduated top of my class.
- I know.
- Right.
You had your PIs following me.
- I was trying to understand
who you were becoming.
- You could have asked Mom.
- I did.
Your mother insisted
on keeping me in the dark.
- Don't blame her.
She's not the reason
you went to prison.
- [chuckles]
No, that, that was Lois Lane.
- What?
- I told her she was wrong.
She didn't listen.
Instead, she took you
out of my life.
- Lois Lane isn't to blame.
It was the choices
that you made.
You are the reason
I grew up without a father.
- No, it was her.
- [laughs]
Even now,
you can't take responsibility.
- Not for something
I didn't do.
- It's always someone else's
fault, isn't it?
- Lil--
- No.
This was a mistake.
- Something's happening.
- She's leaving.
I'll talk to her.
- Talking didn't work, Clark.
He's gonna send that thing.
- I will fix this.
[tense music]
♪ ♪
- Grandpa's ELT.
- You think Granddad was here?
- No, but Luthor was.
And my guess is, he used that
to call his new pet.
♪ ♪
- Elizabeth?
Elizabeth?
Hi, I'm Clark Kent,
Lois Lane's husband.
- Please, I just want
to go home.
- And I can absolutely help
with that,
if you just give me a minute.
- I'm sorry my father's
coming after your family,
but you have no idea
how hard this is for me.
- And I won't pretend to.
But I also lost my dad
when I was young,
just a few years older
than you were.
And there's not a day
that goes by
that I don't miss him.
- Well, I'm betting your father
was nothing like mine.
Mine's a monster.
- Was he always?
Look, I think losing you
changed something in him.
- Don't put this on me.
It's not my job to fix him.
- No, no, no, no, not at all.
I--it's just,
you lost something too.
And if you don't at least try
to get it back, I--
I think you'll regret it.
[upbeat rock music]
- ♪ I'm gonna hit the road ♪
[laughter]
- OK, where were you?
- It's not what you think.
- Then just tell me.
Like, why is that so hard?
- Look, there's things
going on right now
that I can't talk about.
Look, I'm not trying
to hide anything.
- I'm--I'm done.
[somber music]
- Whoa.
I can't imagine
hiding that secret.
♪ ♪
Does Sarah know?
- I should probably go talk
to my brother.
- Yeah, yeah, for sure.
[bell rings]
- Have a good night.
[gentle music]
♪ ♪
- I tried to be
a good father, Lil.
Wanted to break the cycle.
The first time my father
walked out on me and my mother,
I was seven.
[both grunting]
He didn't want
to raise some kid.
My mother,
she hated him for it.
She took that anger out on me.
Used his own belt
because it was the one thing
he left behind.
And the abuse didn't stop
until I left
and learned to take care
of myself.
- I never heard any of this.
- It's better you didn't.
You were too perfect.
- [exhales]
Dad.
- Being in Stryker's,
the hardest part
wasn't being locked up.
It was wondering
if you needed me.
- [sighs]
[sniffles]
I did.
- I should have been there
to take care of you.
Please, Lil...
Let me be there now.
♪ ♪
- How could you do this?
She is a 14-year-old girl.
- So?
- So she's not old enough
to know that this is
a terrible idea.
- Mom, yes, I am.
I want to live here with Dad.
♪ ♪
- You just want me to suffer.
- I didn't ask her to choose.
- You punish anyone
who gets in your way,
no matter the consequence.
I just pray Elizabeth sees
who you really are
before it's too late.
♪ ♪
[ominous music]
- OK.
This has to work.
All right.
[suspenseful music]
♪ ♪
[device whirring]
- That looked really rough.
You doing all right?
- I don't know.
I think Candice wants
to go back to her aunt's.
- You gonna take her?
- I guess so.
[distant whirring]
- That's Granddad's ELT.
- It must be Mom.
- You should go.
Don't worry,
I'll take care of Candice.
♪ ♪
[whooshes]
- What are you doing here?
- You hit Grandpa's ELT.
- No, baby, you have to leave.
- What's going on?
- You have to leave right now.
[rumbling]
- [roaring]
- [roars]
- Come on.
We need to go.
- Stay back.
[dramatic music]
- [roars]
- Listen to me.
- Mom?
- [growling]
- I've seen it in your eyes.
You know me.
- [growling]
- Just look at me
and try to remember.
- [snarling]
[panting]
- You know me.
- [growls]
[panting]
- What's happening?
- I was right.
- A grandson.
[chuckles]
With you, I--
I had hoped for a girl.
- Well, we are thrilled.
My husband is the youngest
of five, all girls.
He painted the nursery blue
the week we found out
I was pregnant.
- You're gonna be
a great mother.
- Did you ever think
about being a grandfather?
- Hmm.
Growing up where I did,
I didn't think
I'd be around this long.
- South Metropolis has changed
a lot since then.
How is it now that you're back?
- I haven't been
to Metropolis much yet.
[somber music]
- You've been here?
- That's right.
- In this town?
♪ ♪
Because of Lois Lane?
So it's true.
You're trying
to destroy her family.
- She told you that?
That's why you came to see me.
Lois Lane took
17 years of my life.
- Which you could
never get back.
- There has to be a price!
♪ ♪
- Not if you want to be
in my life
or your grandson's.
All those years ago,
I chose you.
And now it's your turn.
Choose me.
- Don't do this, Elizabeth.
- If you truly want
to break the cycle,
you'll leave this all behind.
Please, it--
it's the only way, Dad.
- She has to pay.
♪ ♪
- [sighs]
Mom was right about you.
I won't expose my son
to this kind of hatred.
So stay out of my life...
forever.
♪ ♪
[tense music]
- You have a great day.
- The concert's
right after last period.
Doors open at 4:00.
- I'll be there.
[air whooshes]
- Dad?
- I love you, Lil.
Head inside before you're late.
♪ ♪
In front of my daughter,
at her school?
- The police agreed
to let me bring you in
so you could say goodbye.
- I told Lois
I didn't kill Moxie.
- The evidence says otherwise.
- You and Lois Lane are
destroying my family.
I will never forget this.
♪ ♪
[phone vibrates]
[upbeat rock music]
[indistinct chatter]
- Hey, I'm happy to take--
Uh, what's happening?
- Jordan told me everything.
- Can you narrow down
"everything"?
- About your dad
and who he really is.
About you and Jordan.
- That everything.
- Mm-hmm, that everything.
- Right.
- You know, you're lucky
to have such a sweet brother.
- Yeah, he's OK.
- Fire in the hole!
- ♪ Messing around ♪
[fireworks whistling]
[all cheering]
♪ ♪
♪ Try and use it now ♪
- Lois, Elizabeth left
and she's not coming back.
We have to get the boys
and go to the Fortress.
- Sit down and watch
the fireworks with me.
- Lois, Luthor is gonna send
his monster.
We are not safe here.
- Yes, we are.
We don't have to worry
about that thing anymore.
- What'd you do?
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
- I realized we were trying
to get through
to the wrong heart.
♪ ♪
- [growling]
- On your world,
you were married.
- [growls]
♪ ♪
- On your world,
you had a family.
- [snarls]
- I know you lost that family.
- [growls]
- And I know
how much that hurt.
- [breathing heavily]
- But destroying mine
won't ever bring yours back.
Please, whatever Luthor
has asked of you,
don't hurt my family.
- [breathing heavily]
[roars]
[yells]
♪ ♪
- Someone called for it.
- [growling]
♪ ♪
[heroic music]
- Greg, move your head.